{
  "reviewers": [
    {
      "reviewer": "Baseline Reviewer",
      "decision": "Accept",
      "scores": {
        "novelty": 4,
        "soundness": 4,
        "significance": 4,
        "evaluation": 4,
        "clarity": 4
      },
      "strengths": [
        "Introduces a principled benchmark (RM-BENCH) that explicitly disentangles substance from style via a 3×3 Style–Substance evaluation matrix and Easy/Normal/Hard regimes, addressing a well-documented but under-tested bias in reward models.",
        "Constructs chosen and rejected responses from the same strong LM for most domains and injects subtle errors (e.g., via many-shot jailbreak) to probe fine-grained sensitivity, with human and automatic verification ensuring correctness.",
        "Comprehensive evaluation of nearly 40 reward models across chat, code, math, and safety, revealing pervasive style bias and poor robustness under Hard settings, thereby providing actionable insights for the community.",
        "Demonstrates improved correlation with downstream policy model performance (including style-controlled settings and PPO-trained policies) compared to prior benchmarks, supported by ablations showing the necessity of both style and substance control.",
        "Provides extensive appendices, prompts, and analysis (including DPO vs. sequence-classifier comparisons, multi-objective RM study, and reproducible pipelines), with open-source code/data to facilitate adoption."
      ],
      "weaknesses": [
        "Heavy reliance on a single proprietary generator (gpt-4o) to produce both chosen and rejected responses risks style bias toward that model and limits reproducibility; generator diversity is deferred to future work.",
        "In the Safety-Should-Refuse split, chosen and rejected responses are produced by different LMs (gpt-4o vs. an uncensored Llama model), partially violating the same-source design principle and potentially reintroducing style confounds.",
        "Style control is limited to length and markdown; other salient stylistic biases (e.g., code-only vs. explanatory, cue phrases) are acknowledged but not covered, and the summarization/format-removal process may inadvertently alter substance without a quantitative invariance check.",
        "Correlation studies, while suggestive, rely on a small set of policy/reward model pairs and yield only marginal statistical significance (e.g., p≈0.07); generalization across architectures, training recipes, and hyperparameters is not fully established.",
        "Some methodological details could be clarified or made more consistent (e.g., inconsistent reported chat sample counts; the rationale for element-wise comparison in multi-objective RM evaluation is under-specified)."
      ],
      "summary_comment": "This paper presents RM-BENCH, a timely and well-motivated benchmark for evaluating reward models on both subtle content differences and resistance to style bias. The core contributions—the same-LM generation of chosen/rejected responses, style-controlled variants, and the Style–Substance evaluation matrix—are novel within reward modeling and address known shortcomings of prior benchmarks. The evaluation is thorough: many models, multiple domains, DPO vs. classifier comparisons, multi-objective analyses, and correlations with downstream policy performance, alongside ablations that justify the design choices. The main concerns center on dependence on gpt-4o, partial violation of the same-source principle in one safety split, limited coverage of stylistic biases, and modest scope/significance of correlation studies. Despite these caveats, the benchmark is clearly useful, highlights critical failure modes, and is likely to impact how reward models are developed and selected. I recommend acceptance."
    }
  ],
  "conference": {},
  "citations": {}
}