{
  "reviewers": [
    {
      "reviewer": "Baseline Reviewer",
      "decision": "Accept",
      "scores": {
        "novelty": 4,
        "soundness": 4,
        "significance": 4,
        "evaluation": 4,
        "clarity": 4
      },
      "strengths": [
        "Introduces a clear and compelling paradigm (Cross-Environment Cooperation) showing that environment diversity during self-play can substitute for partner diversity to yield strong zero-shot coordination with novel partners and tasks.",
        "Substantial engineering contribution: a fast Jax-based procedural Overcooked generator with solvability constraints and very high throughput (10M steps/min), enabling large-scale training and evaluation across billions of steps.",
        "Comprehensive empirical study across a toy gridworld and large-scale Overcooked, including AI-AI ZSC, 100 held-out procedural tasks, ablations (partial observability, multi-task), necessity of recurrence, and empirical game-theoretic analysis.",
        "Human-AI studies with 80 participants show CEC agents are preferred by humans across multiple qualitative metrics and exhibit fewer collisions, supporting the claim that environment diversity induces general cooperative norms.",
        "Careful evaluation protocol (holding out the classic five layouts for CEC), plus analysis of pretraining vs. fine-tuning trade-offs, provides nuanced insights into generality vs. specialization."
      ],
      "weaknesses": [
        "Baseline fairness and scope: comparisons emphasize single-task PBT/E3T baselines on unseen tasks (where they predictably falter). Stronger baselines combining partner and environment diversity with adequate tuning or capacity are only briefly explored and underperform, leaving open whether better-tuned hybrids could surpass CEC.",
        "Human evaluation is limited to two layouts, relatively short episodes, and English-speaking participants; external validity to broader populations and tasks may be limited. Statistical analyses rely on multiple t-tests without clear correction for multiple comparisons.",
        "Solvability guarantees rely on placement heuristics (reachability) rather than formal verification; subtle unsolvable or degenerate cases could remain. Reproducibility at scale may be challenging despite code release due to heavy compute (3B steps per model)."
      ],
      "summary_comment": "This paper argues that training with environment diversity (via a procedural generator) enables self-play agents to learn general cooperative norms that transfer across both partners and tasks. The approach is validated on a toy environment and at scale in Overcooked, with strong AI-AI ZSC results and human studies indicating improved subjective collaboration and fewer collisions versus PBT baselines. The engineering contribution (fast Jax Overcooked generator) and breadth of experiments, including ablations and empirical game-theoretic analysis, bolster the case. Concerns remain about baseline fairness—particularly stronger partner+environment diversity baselines and hyperparameter/capacity tuning—and the limited scope of human studies. Nonetheless, the work is well-executed, addresses an important problem, and offers actionable insights and tools for the community."
    }
  ],
  "conference": {},
  "citations": {}
}