{
  "reviewers": [
    {
      "reviewer": "Baseline Reviewer",
      "decision": "Accept",
      "scores": {
        "novelty": 4,
        "soundness": 3,
        "significance": 4,
        "evaluation": 4,
        "clarity": 4
      },
      "strengths": [
        "Simple, plug-and-play inference-time framework that can be integrated into any cross-attention-based SR pipeline using text priors, without retraining.",
        "Two well-motivated components (SRCA and STCFG) directly target common failure modes (attention leakage and hallucinations) in text-conditioned SR and are conceptually clear.",
        "Consistent and sizable gains in full-reference fidelity (PSNR/SSIM) across synthetic and real-world datasets, with top perceptual metrics (LPIPS/DISTS) on real-world benchmarks.",
        "Thorough empirical study: comparisons to seven strong baselines, extensive ablations (including grounding thresholds, SRCA vs. STCFG effects, and segmentation backbones), and qualitative visualizations of attention/refocusing.",
        "Practicality emphasized via complexity and efficiency analyses; precomputed masks from LR inputs make the approach lightweight at inference."
      ],
      "weaknesses": [
        "Methodological ambiguity in the SRCA renormalization (Eq. 4): renormalizing across both pixel and token dimensions conflicts with standard per-query normalization in cross-attention and the surrounding text, raising concerns about correctness and implementation clarity.",
        "Performance depends on the accuracy of external grounding (DAPE + Grounded SAM); although discussed, robustness to domain shift and severe degradations in grounding is not deeply quantified.",
        "No statistical significance or variability reporting; end-to-end runtime overhead with 50-step diffusion (including mask application across all cross-attention layers) is not fully quantified. The user study is only in the supplement.",
        "While the paper critiques no-reference IQA metrics, the observed degradations on these metrics warrant deeper user studies or main-text human evaluations to substantiate the claimed perceptual benefits."
      ],
      "summary_comment": "This paper proposes SRSR, an inference-time module for text-conditioned diffusion-based SR that spatially re-focuses cross-attention using grounded tag–mask pairs (SRCA) and applies classifier-free guidance only on grounded regions while using unconditional predictions elsewhere (STCFG). The idea is timely and practical, addressing common semantic leakage and hallucination issues in T2I-styled SR. Empirically, SRSR consistently improves PSNR/SSIM across multiple datasets and baselines and achieves strong LPIPS/DISTS on real-world sets. Ablations and qualitative analyses are comprehensive and insightful. The main concern is a methodological inconsistency in the SRCA renormalization equation (Eq. 4), which appears at odds with standard per-query attention normalization; the paper likely intends per-query renormalization, but this needs correction/clarification. Additional robustness analysis to grounding errors and clearer runtime quantification would strengthen the work. Despite these issues, the contributions are significant and the empirical gains are convincing, making the paper a valuable addition to the Real-ISR literature."
    }
  ],
  "conference": {},
  "citations": {}
}